tests/kernel_settings/install_ansible_for_testing.sh shebang!skip
tests/kernel_settings/install_tuned_for_testing.sh shebang!skip
tests/kernel_settings/run_ansible_for_testing.sh shebang!skip
plugins/modules/kernel_settings.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/kernel_settings.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/kernel_settings.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/kernel_settings.py validate-modules:module-invalid-version-added
plugins/modules/blivet.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/blockdev_info.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/bsize.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/find_unused_disk.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/lvm_gensym.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/resolve_blockdev.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
tests/storage/scripts/generate_tests.py shebang!skip
plugins/modules/nbde_client_clevis.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/filter/vpn_ipaddr.py no-unicode-literals!skip
tests/vpn/unit/test_vpn_ipaddr.py no-unicode-literals!skip
lsr_role2coll_extra_script-vpn shebang!skip
plugins/modules/nbde_server_tang.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/timesync_provider.sh shebang
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/base.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/certmonger.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/module_utils/certificate_lsr/providers/providers.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-2.6!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-2.7!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.5!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.6!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.7!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py import-3.8!skip
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py validate-modules:missing-gplv3-license
plugins/modules/certificate_request.py validate-modules:import-error
